So poor design choices are often the root cause of most
of the frustration when writing tests, particularly unit tests.
Unit tests should be fairly easy to set up and run,
and only fail when the code they are testing changes.
One of the best set of principles I have found for
addressing these issues is SOLID.
SOLID is an acronym, and even if you're not familiar with the term,
you're likely following some of these principles already.
The principles are single responsibility,
open for extension, closed for modification,
Liskov substitution, interface segregation,
and dependency inversion.
Broadly, these five principles can be placed in two groups.
There are the cohesive principles of single
responsibility and interface segregation,
and the dependency abstraction principles of open/closed, Liskov substitution, and dependency inversion.